AWS FTR doc additions (#602)
akka/akka-platform-guide: docs-source/docs/modules/deployment/pages/aws-ingress.adoc

include::partial$include.adoc[]

To expose gRPC or HTTPS publicly to the internet you can use the https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/[AWS Load Balancer Controller {tab-icon}, window="tab"] with a https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/[Kubernetes Ingress {tab-icon}, window="tab"] created by the Akka Operator. This is useful when external services, or clients beyond of the EKS cluster need to consume the gRPC or HTTPS endpoints.

== Install the LoadBalancer Controller

Follow the instructions in the https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/deploy/installation/[Load Balancer Controller installation documentation {tab-icon}, window="tab"]

[#_tls_certificate]
== TLS certificate

> You need a Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificate for the internet facing load balancer. Akka does not manage or create TLS certificates.

Reviewer: Why?

Author: Prepended - 'A Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificate provides privacy and data integrity between two or more communicating applications.'

> When you want to expose an akka gRPC service through a Load balancer, you will have to provide the TLS certificate. Request or import a certificate at https://console.aws.amazon.com/acm/home[Amazon Certificate Manager console {tab-icon}, window="tab"].Then, select the region you are working in.

Reviewer: "select the region you are working in" from where?

Author: Changed that to hile in the ACM console, you will need to select the region you are working in.

> Further, you will need to provide the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the certificate as you create the Akka Microservice Custom Resource.

Reviewer: "to the certificate" or "of the certificate"?

Author: Thx - 'of'

> The Akka Cloud Platform operator will create the `ingress` which references the user's ARN.However, it is not involved in any other part of the process for TLS cert management, including renewals.

Reviewer: "the user's" or "your" ARN? For the "However ..." sentence, shouldn't that be stated above?

Author: thx 'your' 
It is referenced above, and I have reinforced it. But, I want a reminder here.

> For development and testing, you can import a self-signed certificate, which can be created as in the following example:

Reviewer: And what's the diff between a self-signed and Amazon-provided cert? All of this preliminary info should be provided in an overview before these steps.

Author: Add details and a link to the AWS doc for Self-signed certs.

include::partial$include.adoc[]

> To expose gRPC or HTTPS publicly to the internet you can use the https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/[AWS Load Balancer Controller {tab-icon}, window="tab"] with a https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/[Kubernetes Ingress {tab-icon}, window="tab"] created by the Akka Operator. This is useful when external services, or clients beyond of the EKS cluster need to consume the gRPC or HTTPS endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To expose your application's gRPC or HTTPS endpoints publicly to the internet you can use the https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/[AWS Load Balancer Controller {tab-icon}, window="tab"] with a https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/[Kubernetes Ingress {tab-icon}, window="tab"] created by the Akka Operator. This is useful when external services, or clients beyond the EKS cluster need to consume the gRPC or HTTPS endpoints.
```

== Install the LoadBalancer Controller

Follow the instructions in the https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/deploy/installation/[Load Balancer Controller installation documentation {tab-icon}, window="tab"]

[#_tls_certificate]
== TLS certificate

A Transport Layer Security (TLS) certificate provides privacy and data integrity between two or more communicating applications. You will need a TLS certificate for the internet facing load balancer. The Akka Cloud Platform does not manage or create TLS certificates.

> When you want to expose an akka gRPC service through a Load balancer, you will have to provide the TLS certificate. Request or import a certificate at https://console.aws.amazon.com/acm/home[Amazon Certificate Manager (ACM) console {tab-icon}, window="tab"]. While in the ACM console, you will need to select the region you are working in. You will need to provide the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the certificate as you create the Akka Microservice Custom Resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you want to expose an Akka gRPC service through a Load balancer, you will have to provide a TLS certificate. Request or import a certificate using the https://console.aws.amazon.com/acm/home[Amazon Certificate Manager (ACM) console {tab-icon}, window="tab"]. While in the ACM console, you will need to select the region you are working in. You will need to provide the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the certificate as you create the Akka Microservice Custom Resource.
```

Alternatively, for development and testing, you can create your own self-signed certificate and then import it.
You can find additional details regarding self-singed certificates and AWS at https://docs.aws.amazon.com/acm/latest/userguide/import-certificate-prerequisites.html[Prerequisites for Importing Certificates {tab-icon}, window="tab"]

A self-singed certificate can be created as in the following example:

[source,shell script]
----
openssl req -x509 -sha256 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout dummy-key.pem -out dummy-cert.pem -subj "/CN=dummy/O=dummy"
----

> The Akka Cloud Platform operator will create the `ingress` which references your ARN. However, please remember that it is not involved in any other part of the process for TLS certification management, including renewals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Akka Cloud Platform operator will create the Kubernetes `Ingress` which references your TLS certificate with an https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html[Amazon Resource Name (ARN) {tab-icon}, window="tab"
]. However, please remember that the operator is not involved in any other part of the process for TLS certification management, including renewals.
```

Replace the certificate `arn` with the one assigned by the Amazon Certificate Manager.

> When the deployment descriptor has been applied, the Akka Operator will create an `ingress`, After that you can retrieve the public address with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the deployment descriptor has been applied, the Akka Operator will create an `Ingress`, After that you can retrieve the public address with:
```
